add .toString() and .valueOf() codebyte examples (#2295)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/dates/terms/toString/toString.md

// Output: Thu Jul 15 2021 11:48:57 GMT-0700 (Pacific Daylight Time)
// Note: Timezone may vary
```

## Codebyte Example

> The following example shows the work of `.toString()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is runnable, and demonstrates the use of the `.toString()` method.
```
